It's always bugged me that cake is
pretty much the only food item in
Minecraft that you can place. I mean,
what makes cake so different from
pumpkin pie? And then when I got to go
to the Minecraft movie premiere, they
had these cubic fruit and vegetable
props. But a lot of you in the comments
pointed out that in the game, they're
round. But I just saw a video that
solves this entire issue. It's a
resource pack called Fresh Food by
Siberia, and it has these stunning
eating animations to turn every food
item into an actual 3D object. When I
put the pack on, I quickly ran around my
flat world eating as many food items as
I could possibly find. I think the
suspicious stew is my favorite. But then
I noticed that Siberia has another pack
called Fresh Buckets that makes the
buckets appear as 3D objects as well.
The axelottle is so cute. And then I
tried out fresh music discs which also
looked pretty cool. I thought that was
it until I joined Siberia's Discord and
I realized that there was a brand new
pack in beta. Fresh flowers and plants.
So I went to my greenhouse to try
holding some plants with the brand new
pack and everything was transformed. The
mushrooms look so cool like this. And I
love the basket of flower petals.
Apparently Siberia is slowly working on
making 3D versions of all the items in
the game. His next project is creating
unique book textures for every single
enchantment.